Sara, let's go with another
fashion word, very
broadly, which is leadership.
What characteristics
or style should a good
leader possess?
Well, because I carry...
This is one of my favorite topics.
And I've stopped reading books and
now I'm reading a lot of articles,
a lot of Harvard studies,
etc., and I'm capturing the...
This is a key element in
all new leadership philosophies.
And so many studies have already
been done on what an effective, productive,
successful leader has today.
And he is a leader who is service-
oriented, serving his business,
his team, and purpose.
It can be a business,
it can be an NGO, it
can be anything.
A good leader, a good leader.
It will be a very delicate balance,
because what I am going to say...
It seems to be against these characteristics.
Humility, authenticity and then
power of quick decision making,
so action-oriented.
At some point you have to change
what is preempting.
If you are in run, run, run
mode, but you also have to recognize
when you have to take care
of.
That is, recognize that you do not have
all the answers, that you are looking
for solutions in your team, in your
staff, that you will do it with them,
that you will not send it, that
you will participate and collaborate
with them and always be authentic.
Show your human side, communicate
a lot more.
So what they are looking for,
especially the millennia that
will make up 75% of our
companies by 2025, what they
expect is a conversation.
Mandates from a tower or a
corner office, what they
are looking for is more
collaboration with their committee.
The leaders who are running the business.
Three concepts, humility,
authenticity and quick decision making.
I would encourage all our students
who are lucky enough to manage
teams to do an exercise of
self-reflection or diagnosis
of whether their leadership
style is service-oriented,
as you said, and based
on humility, as you said, transparency
and ability to execute
and act.